<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_idv_hzv_5hb">
    <title>​​Creating the Starbucks Experience​</title>
    <shortdesc>​The connection that you create with your customers is the primary reason they come
        back to Starbucks. For MO&amp;P, the moment of connection happens when the customer arrives
        for their order at the hand-off plane. Our customer service commitment remains the same,
        regardless of the channel the customer uses.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p id="paragraph1">Keep in mind that the needs of our mobile order customers may be slightly different than
            those of customers ordering in the café or Drive Thru. Your mobile order customers value
            convenience, personalization and speed. A quick "hello" and a smile, along with a
            genuine "thank you" may be all your mobile customer is looking for. Also, be mindful of
            new Mobile Order &amp; Pay customers that may be unfamiliar of where and how to pick up
            their order. Notice if customers look uncertain or need guidance, and proactively ask
            them if they're waiting for a mobile order. Customers may accidentally come to the wrong
            store to pick up their mobile order. If this happens, make the moment right by making
            their order for them and let them know your store location. Ensure your store name makes
            it easy to identify your store in the App. Refer to the <xref href="Task.dita"
                format="xml">MO&amp;P Store Naming Guidelines – Quick Reference Guide</xref> more
            information. </p>
      <section id="section1"><title>Wait times</title>
            <p>The MO&amp;P and per Wait Time presented on the App is based on a set of ranges for
                peak and non-peak. It's determined by the following:</p>
              <ul
                id="ul_c3y_21w_5hb">
                <li>​store's average volume tier </li>
                <li>​number of MO&amp;P orders in queue (not the in-store line) ​ </li>
                <li>items in customer's MO&amp;P cart (specifically a Coffee Traveler or a large
                    number of items)</li>
            </ul>
            <title>Discounts and offers available on MOP</title> 
        <p id="paragraph2">If the barista needs to ring in a discount code on the POS, this discount is not
                available in MO&amp;P. If the barista does not need to ring in a code, the discount
                will automatically apply in MO&amp;P. Here are some examples. </p>
      
      
        <p>
            <ul>
                <li>Partner discounts</li>
                <li>Happy hour</li>
                <li>Multiple discount items (Cake Pops)</li>
                <li>Star Rewards redemption</li>
                <li>National promotions</li>
            </ul>
          </p>
            <p>​​Discounts not available (Discounts not automatically applied via the POS)</p>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Product markdown/sales</li>
                    <li>Treat receipt</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
       <section id="2">
          <title>Health and safety guidelines</title> 
            <p>Mobile orders
            can be placed from store opening up to 30 minutes prior to close. Mobile orders can only
            be placed 30 minutes to close to ensure the store is still open upon customer arrival. </p>
        <p>If a customer arrives after the store is closed follow
            existing security protocols for closing and end of day procedures. If the customer does
            arrive after close and the door is locked, do not open the door or let the customer in
            the store. A customer may arrive to your store late to pick up their mobile order. Any
            food or beverage item that has been waiting too long for the customer should be remade
            upon customer arrival. Health and Safety requirements the maximum hold time for a
            handcrafted beverages and warmed food items is 30 minutes. Refer to the Coffee and
            Beverage or Food resource materials for additional information. 
          </p>
      </section>
        
        
</conbody>
</concept>
